# Project Readme
This web app allows the user to pick a team from a football league (supports LaLiga, Premier League, and Bundesliga) and view useful information about the team in that league. This includes general information about the team, statistics, fixtures and players of the team. On the first page that the user arrives to he/she can choose a team in any of the supported leagues. Choosing one team redirects the user to the home page for that team. The home page displays a small amount of general API information about the team, such as statistics, team coach, home venue etc.

For global state management (both client state and server state) we use _Redux_, more specifically we make extensive use of _Redux Toolkit_. Redux is a state container for JavaScript web apps and is used to manage state that needs to be globally available across the app. (This state is stored in a single store, see `src/store.js` for its configuration and setup.) The only way to change the state in the store is to create an _action_, an object that describes what happened, and _dispatch_ it to the store. To specify how state gets updated in response to an action, so called _reducer_ functions are used to calculate a new state based on the old state and the action. We use Redux Toolkit to simplify the writing of this Redux logic, as well as _RTK Query_ to make API calls and handle server state. RTK Query abstracts away much of the complicated logic required to handle server state data. The logic for client state is specified in the different _slices_ (files that handle one part of the global state) in the services folder, along with the `footballApi.js` file which defines a service for querying the API and its endpoints of interest. All of the React components that return the JSX that is actually rendered are located in the components folder. Presenters extract the needed state, query the API using hooks defined in the `footballApi` service, and handle state changes using custom events that dispatch actions to the store. The state variables that are needed in the view files are then passed as props in the presenter.

For routing across our app we use the _React Router_ routing library and to extend the capabilities of vanilla CSS we use _Sass_ (see `.scss` files). The app is deployed with _Firebase_ and is accessible here: https://dynweb-project.web.app/

Most of the information that is displayed by our app is requested from [API-FOOTBALL (3.8.1)](https://www.api-football.com/) using `fetchBaseQuery`; an RTK Query wrapper around `fetch` (see [Fetch API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API)) that simplifies requests. We are currently subscribed to the free plan and thus only have access to 100 API calls per day; we urge visitors of the site to keep this in mind while browsing the app...
